Do not attempt to decorate nil logs (#2986)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

# New Relic Ruby Agent Release Notes

## dev

> - **Bugfix: Do not attempt to decorate `nil` logs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bugfix: Do not attempt to decorate logs with `nil` messages**
```

>   The agent no longer attempts to decorate `nil` logs with New Relic linking metadata. Thank you, [@arlando](https://github.com/arlando) for bringing this to our attention! [Issue#2985](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/2985) [PR#2986](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2986)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The agent no longer attempts to add New Relic linking metadata to logs with `nil` messages. Thank you, [@arlando](https://github.com/arlando) for bringing this to our attention! [Issue#2985](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/2985) [PR#2986](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/pull/2986)
```
